# Weather Webapp

The objective of this repository was to take data from a previous project, and put that data onto a webapp in order to make the visualization of that data appealing to readers. The output data that serves as the basis of this webapp comes from a previous repository of mine where I aimed to analyze how weather changes as one gets closer to the equator. In this previous project, I used the OpenWeatherMap API to assemble a dataset of over 500 random cities across the world. I then used Matplotlib to plot various aspects of the weather in relation to city latitude. The plots I made were Latitude vs. Max Temperature, Latitude vs. Humidity, Latitude vs. Cloudiness, and Latitude vs. Wind Speed. Each of these plots is featured on its own page within the webapp. In addition, I also included a page with the source data that I used to make each of the plots.

The home page of the website contains a basic summary of the webapp plans to accomplish. I have an example image of one of the plots featured, and I also have links to all four of the different plots displayed as well. One can simply click on the image of the plot they want to see to see further analysis of the plot. The homepage also contains a navigation bar with links to the different pages within the app. If one clicks on "Plots", they will see a dropdown menu with links to the analysis of each of the different plots. The "Comparisons" option will bring the user to a page where they can see all four plots side by side to best compare the different weather factors. And the "Data" option will bring the user to a table that contains all the source data used to create the plots. The coding for this page can be seen in the file "index.html".

If the user were to click on one of the links to the different plots either in the visualizations sections or from the plots dropdown menu, they would be bought to a page with just that particular plot. The page would contain an image of that plot, text below the image with analysis, as well as links to all the other plots. The navigation bar will still also be present on the page, with all the same working functions as the home page. The user can also hit the light blue "Latitude" button at the left-hand side of the navigation bar to get back to the homepage at anytime. The code for each of the 4 different subpages containing the plots can be found in the "Visualizations" folder in the repository. Within this folder are 4 different html files.

Here is an example of what it would look like if the user clicked Latitude vs. Temperature Page either from the dropdown menu on the navbar or from the visualizations area on the webpage.

In order to view or test out any of these features, navigate to this link: https://wjcutrone.github.io/Weather-Webapp/